day 1 you just left I hope you come back soon we miss you our son asks questions he still doesn't know what you were doing but I'm sure it's important we love you see you soon

day 2 the child missed you a lot you said it would be 3 days I guess you'll be back tomorrow we'll wait for you here until tomorrow

day 3 I suppose you will return in the afternoon here we are waiting for you the child is excited to see you he has many things to tell you and me too

Day 4 you still haven't come back I'm starting to worry, will you be okay? Don't disappear in the past, don't do this to us

day 5 I'm still waiting the child misses you and I also know whatever I trust you

On the 6th, there has been a revolt on the planet. Some ships of pirate looters have been sighted. They are five days away. We are worried. We don't know what will happen.

day 7 the pirate ship approaches and you do not appear your ship stopped giving signal 3 days ago we are worried






Day 8 Some are emigrating and I am not going to move. They say they are the high command pirates and they carry all kinds of weapons.

day 9 there is one day left until they arrive and I no longer let our son leave the house I am afraid and we don't know anything about you I miss you I need you to get over this

day 10 the pirates are on the planet I am with the child hiding in a store please come back and take the child he is very scared




day 11 they have kidnapped the child they have taken him help me rescue him they have him on their ship but it has a weak point and a control command has been stolen that exposes it if you arrive with your ships maybe you can destroy it

day 12 I'm hiding in a car but I can't make it work I need a key they have it I must find a ship and flee to a safe place






day 13 there is a ship but it belongs to a pirate I should steal it it can't be that difficult

day 14 and the ship was stolen now they only have 3 left and the ship now a pirate does not have a ship and they will not be able to use ours because the keys were taken by ours when they emigrated you have the only one left

day 15 and I heard that our son is fine but the ship he stole can't handle the entire fleet I'm still waiting for you I trust you will return



day 16 I'm losing hope if you don't show up soon it will be too late please come back our son needs you

On the 17th, a ship is approaching. I hope it rescues us, but it's not even close to yours. I think it stopped giving a signal because it was destroyed. I'll hide here on this floating island until the ship arrives. It'll help us anyway.

On the 18th, the ship I stole stopped working and I got a telecommunicator. When it gets closer, I will talk to it.





On the 19th, the ship arrived this morning when I spoke with the owner using the telecommunicator. The pirate who steals the ship from whom they will have done with the owner

day 20 it was you I have seen you I will wait for you here on the island and I spread all the pages of the diary if you find them you will find me

encounter- he found me I missed you let's go get our son

surrender2-don't give up, you must save our son, I'm going to expose his weak point, finish him off

final-we are safe we must emigrate this planet has been devastated let's go